Update Common reasons that contributions are not counted (#33753)
github/docs: content/account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/managing-contribution-settings-on-your-profile/why-are-my-contributions-not-showing-up-on-my-profile.md

Issues, pull requests, and discussions will appear on your contribution graph if they were opened in a standalone repository, not a fork.

> Note that we limit the number of these items when displaying the contribution graph. If you've reached the limit, not all of your contribution might be accounted for.

Reviewer: Small wording suggestion for clarity. And I think we can use the `{% data variables.product.company_short %}` variable to display `GitHub`. 

Let me know what you think of this change, @stefannibrasil, and I can help merge the content! 

```suggestion
{% data variables.product.company_short %} limits the number of these items when displaying the contribution graph. If you've reached the limit, the contribution graph may not display all of your contributions.
```

Author: oh, this reads much better. thank you @jc-clark 🎉
